{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2608
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Baskerville-Italic;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Baskerville;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\vieww11740\viewh10060\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs36 \cf0 EGG SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Chop finely the whites of hard-boiled eggs; force the yolks through a potato ricer ; mix yolks and whites, season with salt and pepper, and moisten with a little mayonnaise dressing. Place mixture between thin slices of lightly buttered white bread with a lettuce leaf between. Garnish with an olive. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 EGG SANDWICH NO. 2 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Slice cold hard-boiled eggs and lay them between very thin, buttered slices of white bread, seasoning them with salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Garnish with a pickle. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 FRIED EGG SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Fry eggs well done, add a dash of salt and pepper, and place between thin slices of white bread, with a crisp lettuce leaf between. Garnish with a radish. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 RIBBON SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Mash the yolks of five hard-boiled eggs to a paste, add three tablespoonfuls of mayonnaise dressing and pepper and salt to taste. Spread lightly with butter three square thin slices of white bread and two corresponding slices of wheat. For lower slice use the white bread and spread with the egg paste, then place the wheat bread on top of that and spread with the egg paste, followed by a slice of the white bread. Press tightly together, then take a sharp knife and cut cross-wise into five sandwiches. Garnish with an olive. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 EGG AND LETTUCE SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Place slices of hard-boiled eggs to cover slices of thinly cut buttered white bread, add a dash of salt and paprika, on this lay a crisp leaf of lettuce that has been dipped in mayonnaise dressing; cover with the other buttered slice of bread and cut diagonally in halves. Garnish with an olive. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 EGG AND OLIVE SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Chop five hard-boiled eggs very fine. Stone and chop fifteen large olives and mix with the egg, moisten all with three tablespoonfuls of melted butter, season with salt and pepper, and mix to a moist paste. Spread on thin slices of lightly buttered white bread. Put two slices together and garnish with an olive. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 EGG AND CUCUMBER SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Run a sour cucumber pickle through the meat chopper, then run through six hard-boiled eggs. Mix with a little mayonnaise dressing. Place mixture between thin slices of lightly buttered white bread with a crisp lettuce leaf between. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 EGG AND BROWN BREAD SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Chop hard-boiled eggs fine, season with salt and pepper, add olive oil until of the consistency to spread. Use for a filling for brown bread sandwiches. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 PURITAN SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Rub smooth the yolk of a hard-boiled egg, add a tablespoonful of melted butter, a dash of salt and white pepper, one-half teaspoonful of mustard and one-fourth of a pound of American cheese grated, then stir in a scant tablespoonful of vinegar. Spread mixture on thin slices of lightly buttered white or rye bread. Put two slices together and garnish with a pickle. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 COLD SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Rub the yolks of three hard-boiled eggs to a paste. Add two tablespoonfuls of olive oil, mixing with a silver fork. Add a pinch of mustard, cayenne pepper and salt, and lastly one tablespoonful of vinegar. When this is thoroughly mixed, add one cup of grated American cheese. Spread on thin slices of lightly buttered white bread. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 MONTPELIER SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Put three hard-boiled eggs and three boned anchovies in a mortar and pound fine; add one ounce of butter, and season with salt and cayenne pepper. Place between thin slices of white bread cut in fancy \
shapes. Garnish with a sprig of parsley. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 JAPANESE EGG SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Chop four hard-boiled eggs and three boned sardines fine, add a teaspoonful of melted butter and rub to a paste; season with pepper and salt and a little mayonnaise dressing; cut in slender strips. Garnish with parsley and an olive. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 BROWN EGG SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Mash the yolks of five hard-boiled eggs and moisten with a teaspoonful of melted butter and a drop of vinegar, work to a paste, adding salt, pepper and a little French mustard, and a drop of tabasco. Spread the mixture between slices of lightly buttered Boston brown bread cut wafer thin. Garnish with an olive. \
\

\f0\i EASTER SANDWICH 
\f1\i0 \
\
Between thin slices of lightly buttered white bread, place a crisp lettuce leaf that has been dipped in mayonnaise dressing. On this place round slices of cold hard-boiled egg. Dust with pepper and salt. Cut sandwiches in squares and tie with lavender baby ribbon. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 CHEVY CHASE SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Put six hard-boiled eggs through a potato ricer. To these add six sweet pickles, chopped fine, a dash of salt and white pepper, and two teaspoonfuls of melted butter; mix and place between thin slices of lightly buttered white bread. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 OUTING SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Chop hard-boiled eggs fine, season with salt and pepper ; moisten with mayonnaise dressing. Spread on buttered whole wheat bread. Garnish with a pickle. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 TRAVELLER'S SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Chop hard-boiled eggs fine, add a few minced olives, season with lemon juice; mix with butter, creamed. Spread on thin slices of white bread. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 CURRIED EGG AND OYSTER SANDWICHES 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Chop four boiled eggs very fine, season with pepper and salt and spread on thin slices of lightly buttered white bread; on top of eggs place three pickled oysters; over this spread a tablespoonful of curry sauce and cover with another slice of bread. The sauce is made thus; put a tablespoonful of butter into a sauce pan, add a cup of milk, thicken with a little flour dissolved in a little cold milk, let come to a boil, then add a dash of onion juice, salt and pepper, and a teaspoonful of curry. Let simmer a minute, then set it aside to cool. When sandwiches are ready to serve, spread this sauce over the egg and oysters, then cover with the other slice of bread. Garnish with parsley. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 TOMATO SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Pare, chill, and cut ripe tomatoes thin, season with salt and pepper and a little lemon juice. Place between thin slices of lightly buttered white bread with a crisp lettuce leaf between. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 TOMATO SANDWICH NO. 2 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
On thin slices of lightly buttered white bread place a crisp lettuce leaf that has been dipped in mayonnaise dressing; on this, place thin slices of tomato, add a dash of salt, and spread lightly with mayonnaise dressing; cover with another lightly buttered slice of bread. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 TOMATO AND ONION SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Mix in a bowl some tomato catsup, season with pepper and salt and a pinch of sugar, add a little finely chopped onion, mix and place between thin slices of buttered white bread, with a crisp lettuce leaf between. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 TOMATO AND HORSERADISH SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Slice a tomato thin and sprinkle with salt. Mix one-half cup of horseradish with two tablespoonfuls of mayonnaise dressing. Spread thin slices of lightly buttered white bread with the horseradish mixture, and put the sliced tomato between. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 TOMATO AND NUT SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Chop three medium sized tomatoes, add one small green pepper chopped fine, and a half-cup of chopped walnuts ; add a dash of mayonnaise dressing and place on a lettuce leaf between thin slices of white bread cut in squares. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 SPECIALTY SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
On thin slices of toasted bread that have been lightly buttered, place a thick slice of tomato, over top of tomato spread salad dressing, then just a touch of caviare, cover with another slice of toast, and garnish with a slice of lemon. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 EPICUREAN SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Two medium sized tomatoes, three green sweet peppers, and one small onion, chop fine, mix together, salt, and drain in sieve for five minutes. Mix with a little salad dressing and place on a lettuce leaf, between thin slices of white or whole wheat bread lightly buttered. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 BEET SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Chop cold boiled beets fine, season with salt and pepper and a dash of vinegar. On thin slices of lightly buttered white bread, spread cream cheese. On top of this sprinkle the chopped beets. Cover with another slice of bread. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 BEET AND CHEESE SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Slice bread thin. Spread one piece with beets that have been chopped very fine and moistened with mayonnaise dressing. The other spread with cream cheese. Press slices firmly together. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 WATERCRESS SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Dip fresh leaves of watercress in mayonnaise dressing. Place between thin slices of white bread lightly buttered. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 WATERCRESS AND EGG SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Chop cress and moisten with French dressing. Press the yolks of three hard-boiled eggs through a colander and add to the mixture. Place between thin slices of lightly buttered white bread. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 WATERCRESS AND EGG SANDWICH NO. 2 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Cut watercress into small pieces, removing the stalks, and mix with finely chopped hard-boiled eggs, seasoned with salt and pepper. Place between thin, buttered slices of bread, sprinkling the. cress and egg very lightly with lemon juice. Press together, and cut in squares, removing the crusts. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 MUSHROOM SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Boiled mushrooms chopped fine, cold boiled tongue chopped fine, season with pepper and salt, add a little mayonnaise dressing, mix, and spread between thin slices of buttered white bread. Garnish with an olive. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 WESTERN SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Chop five olives, a dozen capers, and one gherkin fine and mix with two tablespoonfuls of mayonnaise dressing. Spread the lower slices of buttered white bread with fresh cream cheese, season with salt and pepper, then put another slice on top of that and spread with the olive mixture. On top place a third slice, press together, cut round, and garnish with a sprig of parsley. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 PICCALILLI SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Between thinly cut slices of lightly buttered white bread, place a layer of sweet piccalilli ; cut in diamond shape. Garnish with a sprig of parsley. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 GREEN PEPPER AND EGG SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Between thinly cut slices of lightly buttered white bread, place seedless green peppers that have been chopped fine and mixed with a little mayonnaise dressing. On top of that place slices of hard-boiled egg. Garnish with a sprig of parsley and a small pickle. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 NASTURTIUM SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Spread thin slices of lightly buttered white bread with mayonnaise dressing; place nasturtium blossoms overlapping one another half way ; roll up the sandwich and fasten with a toothpick. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 RIPE OLIVE SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Chop ripe olives fine, mix with a little mayonnaise, and place between thin slices of lightly buttered white bread. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 OLIVE SQUARES 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Cut thin squares of brown bread and lightly butter, adding a dash of pepper and salt. Stone eight olives, chop them with two stalks of celery, one tiny cucumber pickle, a teaspoonful of catsup, a dash of salt and pepper, and a very little mustard. Mix well and spread on the brown bread, covering with another square. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 OLIVE AND PEPPER SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Chop olives fine, add a little finely chopped green and red (sweet) peppers, a dash of mayonnaise dressing; mix and place between thin slices of lightly buttered white bread. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 OLIVE AND CHICKEN LIVER SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Chop olives and cold boiled chicken livers fine; mix with mayonnaise and spread on thin slices of whole wheat bread. Put the slices together. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 OLIVE AND CHEESE SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Thin slices of white bread lightly buttered, cut in hexagon shape. Between each two slices place a layer of Neufchatel cheese mixed to a paste with a little thick cream and mayonnaise dressing, and cover thickly with chopped olives. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 OLIVE AND CAPER SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Stone the olives and chop fine, adding one-third quantity of capers, mix with a little mayonnaise dressing, and spread between thin slices of lightly buttered white bread. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 OLIVE AND CAPER SANDWICH NO. 2 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Chop equal amount of capers and olives fine, season with celery salt and paprika, add a little olive oil or melted butter, mix until smooth. Spread on slices of lightly buttered white bread. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 OLIVE AND NUT SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Chop olives and English walnuts fine, add a dash of mayonnaise dressing, and spread on lightly buttered brown bread. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 CUCUMBER SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Peel cucumbers and cut into the thinnest possible slices and sprinkle with salt and pepper and a few drops of lemon juice. Place between thin slices of lightly buttered bread. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 CUCUMBER SANDWICH NO. 2 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Sprinkle thin slices of lightly buttered white bread with cayenne. Place thinly sliced cucumbers that have been mixed with a little French dressing between the slices. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 CUCUMBER SANDWICH NO. 3 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Soak thin slices of cucumber for one hour in good white vinegar, season with salt and pepper. Place between thin slices of buttered brown bread. Cut in strips. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 CUCUMBER SANDWICH NO. 4 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Chop cucumbers fine, add a pinch of salt and pepper and a dash of French dressing. Mix and place between thin slices of lightly buttered white bread, with a crisp lettuce leaf between. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 CUCUMBER AND CHIVES SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
On thin slices of lightly buttered white bread, place thin slices of cucumber, over which sprinkle chopped chives; cover with another slice of bread and cut in squares. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 CUCUMBER AND CHEESE SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Slice cucumbers thin, let stand in salt water ten minutes, drain, and place slices on thinly buttered white bread. Sprinkle with grated American cheese, put slices together, and garnish with a radish. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 CUCUMBER AND RED PEPPER SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Chop three medium sized cucumbers and one red pepper, add a little mayonnaise dressing, and place between thin slices of lightly buttered white bread. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 CUCUMBER AND ONION SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Chop fine one large cucumber and a small white onion. Add a dash of pepper and salt and moisten with a little mayonnaise dressing. Place between thin slices of lightly buttered Boston brown bread. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 DILL SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Lightly butter slices of white bread; cover half of them with thin slices of the white meat of roasted chicken ; put over this a thin layer of dill pickles ; cover with another slice of buttered bread, trim off the crusts, cut in triangles, and serve on a lettuce leaf. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 SPINACH SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Chop cold boiled spinach and the yolks of hard-boiled eggs fine, add a dash of salt and vinegar. Spread between thin slices of buttered white bread. Garnish with a pickle. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 ONION SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Slice a mild sweet onion and lay in salted ice water for a half-hour. Mix with a good mayonnaise dressing, and place slices of onion between well buttered slices of Boston brown bread cut thin. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 MUSTARD SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Cream two tablespoonfuls of butter with one tablespoonful of prepared mustard. Spread a thin layer between thinly cut slices of rye bread. Garnish with a pickle. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 MOSAIC SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
White, brown, and graham bread are used for this sandwich. Cut the slices thin and spread with green butter. The butter is made by putting cold boiled spinach through a sieve, season with finely chopped parsley and capers, and mix smooth with creamed butter. Put slices together. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 HORSERADISH SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Cream two tablespoonfuls of butter, add three tablespoonfuls of prepared horseradish, spread between exceedingly thin slices of white bread. Garnish with parsley; serve as soon as made. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 CELERY SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Chop fine a few stalks of celery, mix with a little mayonnaise dressing, spread on thin slices of lightly buttered bread, cover with another slice. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 CELERY SANDWICH NO. 2 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Butter bread on the loaf, first having creamed the butter. Cut away the crusts and starting at one corner of the slice, roll it over two crisp short celery sticks. Tie with baby ribbon. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 CELERY AND ENGLISH WALNUT SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Mix one cup of chopped celery, one-fourth cup of chopped English walnuts, and one-fourth cup chopped olives. Moisten with mayonnaise and place between thin slices of lightly buttered brown bread. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 CELERY AND ENGLISH WALNUT SANDWICH NO. 2 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Chop celery and English walnuts fine, add a dash of salt and allspice, moisten with a little mayonnaise dressing. Spread between thin slices of lightly buttered white bread. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 LETTUCE SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Between thin, oblong slices of lightly buttered white bread, place a crisp lettuce leaf that has been dipped in mayonnaise dressing, and sprinkled with Parmesan cheese. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 LETTUCE SANDWICH NO. 2 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Cut crisp lettuce leaves into ribbons with scissors, add a dash of mayonnaise dressing, and season with salt. Place between thin slices of lightly buttered white or brown bread. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 BOSTON BROWN BREAD SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Between thin slices of lightly buttered brown bread place a lettuce leaf that has been dipped in mayonnaise dressing. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 BAR HARBOR SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Cut the crisp lettuce leaves into ribbons with the scissors, salt and pepper and moisten with a little mayonnaise dressing. Place on thin slices of lightly buttered white bread; on each lay a thin slice of tomato and cover with another slice of buttered bread. Press together and serve as soon as made. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 RADISH SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Between thin slices of lightly buttered white bread place sprigs of watercress and thin slices of a radish that has been dipped in French dressing. Can be served with the fish course. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 STRING BEAN SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Cook string beans until tender; when cold, cut in small pieces, add a chopped onion, and a few chopped English walnut meats. Mix with a little French dressing and spread between lightly buttered slices of white bread, with a crisp lettuce leaf between. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 APPLE AND CELERY SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Chop three apples and three stalks of celery fine. Mix with a little mayonnaise dressing and place on thin slices of lightly buttered white bread. Put the two slices together. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 APPLE AND GRAPE SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Remove the seeds from thin skinned white grapes ; add one apple and one stalk of celery; chop fine. Moisten with French dressing, toss up, and spread on thinly cut slices of buttered white bread. Place the two slices together. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 APPLE SALAD SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Chop fine two medium sized red apples and two stalks of celery; mix with a little boiled dressing and place between thin slices of buttered white bread.\
\

\f0\i\fs36 WALDORF SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Chop two apples, two stalks of celery, and one sweet pepper fine, add a little mayonnaise dressing, mix, and place between thin slices of lightly buttered white bread. Garnish with a sprig of watercress. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 NOVELTY SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Chop one small onion, eight olives, one green pepper (seeds removed), and one chow chow pickle fine. Add one cupful of grated Parmesan cheese; moisten with enough mustard dressing from the chow chow to form a paste. Spread on thin slices of lightly buttered white bread. Cover with another slice and cut in triangles.\
\

\f0\i\fs36 ST. PATRICK SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Chop a handful of mint, a handful of parsley, and a tiny onion very fine, add a dash of paprika, mix with a little mayonnaise dressing. Place between thin slices of lightly buttered white bread. Garnish with a sprig of parsley. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 TARTAR SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Take two tablespoonfuls each of chopped onion, parsley, capers, and sour cucumber pickles. Mix with two tablespoonfuls of mayonnaise dressing. Place mixture between thin slices of graham or white bread lightly buttered. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 GRAPE FRUIT SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Remove the pulp from grape fruit, making one cup; add one-fourth cup of finely chopped walnuts, moisten with a little mayonnaise dressing, and place between thin slices of lightly buttered white bread cut in strips. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 CHERRY SALAD SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Remove stones from two cups of cherries, add one-half cup of English walnuts and two stalks of celery that have been chopped fine; add enough mayonnaise to moisten; place between thin slices of lightly buttered white bread. Garnish with a cherry. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 PINEAPPLE SALAD SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Shred one medium sized pineapple, add one cupful of skinned and seeded white grapes, one-half cup of finely chopped English walnuts ; moisten with cream mayonnaise. Place between thin slices of lightly buttered white bread with a crisp lettuce leaf between. Garnish with a red cherry. \
\

\f0\i\fs36 MOCK OYSTER SANDWICH 
\f1\i0\fs32 \
\
Boil salsify until tender, work smooth with a little sweet cream, season with salt, cayenne, and a dash of anchovy sauce; place between thin slices of lightly buttered white bread.\
}